Updating the readme to cover unsupported module (#165)
bringyourownideas/silverstripe-maintenance: README.md

> we recommend the installation of two additional modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we recommend the installation of the following additional module:
```

- [bringyourownideas/silverstripe-composer-update-checker](https://github.com/bringyourownideas/silverstripe-composer-update-checker) checks for available updates of dependencies

The previously recommended silverstripe-composer-security-checker module [can't work anymore](https://github.com/bringyourownideas/silverstripe-composer-security-checker/issues/57) and isn't recommended to be used anymore.

### Installation 
 

> Option 1 (recommended): Install the maintenance package and suggested dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Option 1 (recommended): Install the maintenance package and suggested dependency
```
